Night is gone
Now we’re alone
I feel your body near mine
We just have to dance one more time
You´re closer now
I can’t deny
This feeling with you, is it fate?
I don’t care if the hour is late
at all
Let us dance just a little bit more
Even if the band walks out the door
And all the others gone
Let’s pretend that the music’s on
Even if we’re dancing all alone
And the night is gone
Just for a while
I saw your smile
I know I’ve sang in your ear
«God, it’s good to be near»
Your hand in mine
So warm and fine
If only this moment would stay
If only the band was to play
some more
Let us dance just a little bit more
Even if the band walks out the door
And all the others go
Let’s pretend that the music’s on
Even if we’re dancing all alone
And the night is gone
Let us dance just a little bit more
Even when the band walks out the door
And all the others go
Let’s pretend that the music’s on
Even if we’re dancing all alone
And the night is gone